Team Name: “Dev Oops”   Team Members:

Nathaniel Gillam (nathanielgillam@gmail.com or nathaniel.gillam@ewu.edu):
Nathaniel Gillam is a senior computer science student who is good at project management, meeting deadlines, working through problems, learning new systems, reading data sheets API’s, with experience in Java, Python, C++, C, ladder logic, and structured text. His interests are in learning HTML and other front end systems while also learning to use GitHub in a team setting.

Eric Ryon (eryon@ewu.edu or ericryon@comcast.net):
I am a Computer Science and Cyber Operations major and plan to graduate in June of 2025.  I consider myself to be fairly good at most tasks. I am a good writer and a good editor (correcting grammar, proper layout, etc.)  I am pretty proficient at orchestration, including things like VMs, docker containers, docker compose, and others.  I have very good attention to detail and am very dependable.  I am a decent programmer in either Java or Python, and to a lesser degree, C or C++.

Kellan Burns (kburns15@ewu.edu or kellanburns2002@gmail.com):
Strong programmer pursuing a bachelor of science, computer science degree, with an expected graduation in spring 2025. Writes clear and concise code that’s easier to read with good documentation, and experience in communications and design. Fast learner, works well in teams, communicates well, and is dedicated to the success of the team and the project. Experience with Java, C, C++, Python, GoLang, WordPress, and interests in JS and HTML.

Garrett Ness (nessgarrett55@gmail.com or gness1@ewu.edu): 
Pursuing a bachelor of science, computer science degree. Interested in cyber security and possible data management. Good at problem solving/ stubbing thorough problems until they are solved. Turning in work before deadlines/ not procrastinating is a strong suit of mine. Good at bug testing and creating visuals for needed parts of code (data structures, algorithms, flow of project). Good experience with java and python as well as providing clear and easy to follow documentation. Very visual person, so pictures and diagrams, videos and step by step instructions help me learn best. 

Joseph Potapenko (jpotapenko@ewu.edu or joepotap@gmail.com):
Working on finishing my Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. I’m good at problem solving and debugging in Intellij. Proficient in Java, Python, and C.  Previous classes that I’ve taken that might help in this project: Algorithms, Java Basics, Design patterns, and Databases. For this class, I would enjoy organizing stuff, can write the Javadocs and ReadMe files, write and debug code, and create diagrams.
